# Token Application

The purpose of this section is to provide an in-depth overview of specific TENKA token applications and utilities across Ignite Tournaments. Sections also cover specific solutions, features and approaches directly or indirectly connected with the TENKA-based economy.

#### Loyalty and Appreciation Model <a href="#_nmf14n" id="_nmf14n"></a>

Each user within the Ignite Tournaments ecosystem will have their own Gamer digital ID (NFT), allowing them to participate in the TENKA rewards distribution program. TENKA reward drops will be distributed based on Gamer ID:

* **HODL level**
* **Activity level**

As these levels increase, so do rewards multipliers and ecosystem bonuses. In order to increase the level, Ignite Tournaments users will need to focus on strengthening their _**Staking Score**_** ** and _**Activity Score**_**.**

**Staking Score**

Staking score is generated by liquidity providers, for their measured contributions during the last 6 months. The amount of their base TENKA tokens will be multiplied for the purpose of staking score calculation. For example:

* User who provides 600 TENKA tokens of liquidity for one 1 month has a staking score of 100 (600 divided by 6 and multiplied by 1 )
* After 6 months of staking 600 TENKA tokens, the staking score is 600, and can’t go higher.

_Table 3 - Staking score and HODL levels\*_

| Min Staking score | HODL LEVEL | Rewards multiplier | Fees reduction |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| 5000              | 1          | 1.05               | 1.0%           |
| 10000             | 2          | 1.1                | 2.5%           |
| 15000             | 3          | 1.15               | 3.8%           |
| 25000             | 4          | 1.25               | 6.3%           |
| 40000             | 5          | 1.4                | 10.0%          |
| 65000             | 6          | 1.65               | 17.5%          |
| 105000            | 7          | 2.05               | 25.0%          |

**Activity Score**

Activity score is very similar to the staking score. The only difference is that it takes Gaming Points into account, earned by participating in tournaments on the platform. Activity score is also used for the entire period of the ecosystem participant’s activity from the moment they joined the network for the first time (as opposed to 6 months used for staking score calculation).

Overall rewards multiplier unlocked by the account is based on both activity level and HODL level - please refer to the table below for more details:

_Table 4 - Activity score and activity levels\*_

| Min activity score | ACTIVITY LEVEL | Rewards multiplier | Fees reduction |
| ------------------ | -------------- | ------------------ | -------------- |
| 2500               | 1              | 1.025              | 1.0%           |
| 5000               | 2              | 1.05               | 2.5%           |
| 7500               | 3              | 1.075              | 3.8%           |
| 12500              | 4              | 1.125              | 6.3%           |
| 20000              | 5              | 1.2                | 10.0%          |

Multipliers resulting from Activity level and HODL level are summed before applying them on distributed rewards, meaning that maximum possible rewards multiplier is equal to **x3.575** (x.2.05+x1.525)
